chore: Fix broken link for Sway types (#1423)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: packages/abi-typegen/README.md

|         **options** | Option<`MyType`>               |          `Option<MyType>`           |          `Option<MyType>`           |
| **raw untyped ptr** | `123`                          |           `BigNumberish`            |                `BN`                 |

> > For more info on Sway types, click [here](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/v0.47.0/book/basics/built_in_types.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more info on Sway types, click [here](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway/basics/built_in_types/)
```
